feat(workers/global): support eager resolving of presets (#13279)
renovatebot/renovate: docs/usage/self-hosted-configuration.md

- `ssh`: use SSH URLs provided by the platform for Git
- `endpoint`: ignore URLs provided by the platform and use the configured endpoint directly

## globalExtends

The list of presets to use/extend in the self-hosted global config file.

> Unlike the usual presets, `globalExtends` are resolved immediately, and merged with any other global config.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unlike the `extends` field, which is passed through unresolved to be part of repository config, any presets in `globalExtends` are resolved immediately as part of global config.
```

> You can use this option, for example, if you want to publish the list of repositories to renovate in a preset and re-use it somewhere else.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Therefore you need to use this field if your preset contains any global-only configuration options, such as the list of repositories to run against.
```

- `ssh`: use SSH URLs provided by the platform for Git
- `endpoint`: ignore URLs provided by the platform and use the configured endpoint directly

## globalExtends

> The list of presets to use/extend in the self-hosted global config file.
> Unlike the `extends` field, which is passed through unresolved to be part of repository config, any presets in `globalExtends` are resolved immediately as part of global config.
> Therefore you need to use this field if your preset contains any global-only configuration options, such as the list of repositories to run against.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unlike the `extends` field, which is passed through unresolved to be part of repository config, any presets in `globalExtends` are resolved immediately as part of global config.
Therefore you need to use this field if your preset contains any global-only configuration options, such as the list of repositories to run against.

Use the `extends` field instead of this if, for example, you need the ability for a repository config (e.g. `renovate.json`) to be able to use `ignorePresets` for any preset defined in global config.
```
